c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\obj\Debug\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity.dll
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity.pdb
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\MvcWebApiAUSA.BusinessEntities.dll
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\MvcWebApiAUSA.BusinessServices.dll
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\MvcWebApiAUSA.DataModel.dll
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc3.dll
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\MvcWebApiAUSA.BusinessEntities.pdb
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\MvcWebApiAUSA.BusinessServices.pdb
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\MvcWebApiAUSA.DataModel.pdb
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\obj\Debug\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity.dll
c:\users\arkmetal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MvcWebApiAUSA.Web\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity\obj\Debug\MvcWebApiAUSA.Unity.pdb
